1. tla-header doesn't check if header already exists. (FIXED)

2. comment-formula comments preceding structure if just *in front* of
   ==. (FIXED)

3. comment-* must be smart enough to account for correct
   indentation. (FIXED)

4. Disable menu templates if not allowed by module type. (WISHLIST)

5. automatic padding of menu items to prevent flattered
   shortcuts. (WISHLIST)

6. Menus are broken in Lucid Emacs.

7. Menu items get flattered in Emacs for NEXTSTEP because of Helvetica.
   (Have to wait for next release)

8. When inserting keyword templates check if they are already
   present. (DONE)

9. electric semicolon to match member of tla-keyword-list. (FUTILE)

10. Error handling corrupted. (FIXED)

11. Wrong indentation for few keywords because of nested structure. (FIXED)

12. Indenting structures should be handled by a common routine that
    looks for the real beginning of a structure even if it is more than
    a line away. (DONE)

13. tla-deflhs-regexp doesn't match unqualified identifier. (FIXED)

14. Generalize tla-in-formula returning a list with beg and point. (DONE)

15. tla-in-formula still fails when encountering LET assignments
    within (structs including == and ;). (FIXED)

16. comment-formula must respect module header. (FIXED)

17. TEMPORAL keyword templates must not appear in a CONSTANTS
    module. (FIXED)

18. Existing tabs prevent proper indentation in some cases. (DONE,
    see 26)

19. Indentation fails within comment lines of header and below IMPORT
    line. (FIXED)

20. Indentation of INCLUDE body erroneous. (FIXED)

21. Highlighting would be a highlight, wouldn't it?! (DONE, see 33)

22. When changing the variant, the menu must be updated.

23. Completion for keywords and flavors. (WISHLIST)

24. Missing identifier in front of a == makes tla-in-formula
    fail. (CORRECT BEHAVIOR)

25. CONSTANT THEOREMS not recognized when commenting formulas. (NOT
    PART OF tTLA+)

26. Save hook for untabifying. (DONE)

27. Indentation of closing braces doesn't always account for real open
    brace. (FIXED)

28. Keyword menu must be updated to reflect permissions instead of
    error signalling.

29. Nested bulleted lorand doesn't account for already *closed* other
    structures containing lorands. (FIXED)

30. tla-in-formula fails when on a comment line or looking at
    "END". (FIXED)

31. nested structures don't get properly indented when in INCLUDE
    body.

32. indentation gets too slow when meeting the last possible
    condition. (FIXED)

33. No support for font-lock-mode. (DONE)

34. local variable tla-master gets occasionally inserted twice.

35. When locating file during next error, check other extensions as
    well.

36. Current process buffer won't be returning when running LaTeX on
    generated spec file.

37. Use correct module type when generating tla-region-file.

38. Separate command lists for specs, buffers and regions. (WISHLIST)
